Add doc for SCSt function bindings in SCDF (#236)
spring-io/dataflow.spring.io: content/documentation/pages/6-recipes/8-functional-apps/0-index.md

---
path: 'recipes/functional-apps/'
title: 'Functional Applications'
description: 'Using Functional Approach in Spring Cloud Stream applications'
summary: true
---

# Functional Applications

> With Spring Cloud Stream 3.x adding [functional support](https://cloud.spring.io/spring-cloud-static/spring-cloud-stream/current/reference/html/spring-cloud-stream.html#spring-cloud-stream-overview-producing-consuming-messages), one can develop Source, Sink and Processor applications simply by exposing Java Util `Supplier`, `Consumer` and `Function` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Spring Cloud Stream 3.x adding [functional support](https://cloud.spring.io/spring-cloud-static/spring-cloud-stream/current/reference/html/spring-cloud-stream.html#spring-cloud-stream-overview-producing-consuming-messages), users can build `Source`, `Sink` and `Processor` applications by merely implementing the Java Util's `Supplier`, `Consumer` and `Function` interfaces respectively.
```
